Add an option to monitor YJIT stats (#330)
Shopify/yjit-bench: README.md

This is the only harness that uses `run_benchmark`'s argument, `num_itrs_hint`.

### Printing YJIT stats

> The `--yjit-stats` option of `./run_benchmarks.rb` allows you to print the diff YJIT stats
> at each iteration with the default harness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--yjit-stats` option of `./run_benchmarks.rb` allows you to print the diff of YJIT stats counters
after each iteration with the default harness.
```
